# Sediment transport test cases

## Prescribed solid and solute transport

    include("PALEO_transport_sediment.jl")

Test solid and solute transport in sediment column with varying porosity.

## Multi-G particulate organic carbon transport and decay

    include("PALEO_transport_RCmultiG.jl")

Tests `ReactionRCmultiG` implementation of [Dale2015](@cite) discrete multi-G
representation of reactive-continuum particulate organic carbon. 

POC decay is added to DIC pool, includes d13C carbon isotopes.

Physical environment is from [Dale2015](@cite) 'shelf' and 'slope' cases.

## Solid transport calculated from volume change, "passive mud only" case

    include("PALEO_transport_mud.jl")

Vertical advection generated by adding a flux of passive mud "M" to the top of the sediment column, instead of using a prescribed
surface accumulation rate in `m yr-1`.

Tests solid phase transport generated by adding passive mud M at the top of a sediment column with constant porosity,
check that this generates vertical advection at constant velocity.

NB: mud M is initially at zero concentration, so solid phase initially contains "empty space" (ie initial solid phase volume fraction of all solids does not add up to 1.0), this evolves to `M_volume_frac` = 1.0.

## Solid transport calculated from volume change, "passive mud" input and decaying Corg fraction

    include("PALEO_transport_mudCorg.jl")

Test solid phase transport generated by passive mud M and decaying Corg in a sediment column with constant porosity,
check that this generates vertical advection with a decrease in velocity with depth as the Corg pool decays.

## Upwards advection test, no input, decaying Corg fraction

    include("PALEO_transport_Corgdecay.jl")

Test solid phase upwards transport generated by passive mud M and decaying Corg in a sediment column with constant porosity,
initially each 0.5 solid phase volume fraction.

Check that this generates upwards vertical advection as the Corg pool decays.

NB: no solid phase input at lower boundary, so the solid phase contains "empty space" as nothing is added at lower boundary.

NB: the pseudo-transient-continuation solver is not the right solver to use to accurately represent the time-dependent evolution,
it takes very large timesteps hence the solution is very diffusive, not the expected sharp step in concentration as "empty space"
is advected in from lower boundary.